hi everyone so this is my quick and easy
shopper spy
this is the ingredients you'll need
frozen this time a better frozen from
Tomatoes I usually get chopped tinned
tomatoes but I haven't got any in so I
just have to shut them out one onion a
beef stock cube or a lamb stock cube two
carrots some lamb mince this is no idea
how much thin that all 500 grams and
we've got 5 potatoes there there's white
potatoes so first off I've peeled the
potatoes cut them in half and then put
them in some water to boil yeah until
they're basically soft enough to mash so
I've diced my onion and carrots very
quite small I quite like them small they
cook quicker as well I put a bit of
olive oil in my pan
I'm waiting that to warm up and then I'm
going to add my carrots and onion and
then sort of saute them to their source
and soft
just fertilizer the same time
that's the laments so that salon minutes
or ground off now I'm going to add the
stock clear I'm basically just gonna
crumble over the top it's just as extra
flavor it's not necessary if you don't
really want to but I finally just have
the extra flavor without adding I'm salt
and pepper
I don't usually add salt and pepper to
our meals mix that in so I've added the
plum tomatoes I've actually cut them up
while they're in here so yeah mix that
in and let that bubbled away for a few
minutes so I've lived it all simmer and
reduced down for about 10 minutes it's
been bubbling away just so it sort of
thickens up now I'm going to add some
peas so I'm just start to mash my
potatoes I have picked in a spoonful of
butter a spoonful of mayonnaise
Hellmann's white and a little bit of
pepper and a little bit salt so I'll
sprinkle some cheese over the top and
this has actually been in the fridge for
about four hours because I didn't
actually need to cook it straight away
so now it's going in the oven at 180
degrees for 40 minutes